README.md, before:

# Arduino Multimeter

This project is an Arduino-based multimeter design to measure basic electronic hobby projects. 

## Features

- Measure voltage, current, and resistance.
- User-friendly interface with an LCD display.
- Portable and easy to assemble.
- Customizable for additional features.

## Components Required

- Arduino board 
- LCD display (16x2 or similar)
- Resistors (330, 220, 10k)
- Wires and connectors
- Breadboard or PCB
- Button
- ACS712 Hall Effect Sensor 

## Installation

1. Clone this repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Arduino-Multimeter.git
    ```
2. Open the project in the Arduino IDE.
3. Install any required libraries. 
4. Upload the code to your Arduino board.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues or pull requests to improve the project.

## Disclaimer

The circuit diagram is not available at the moment, but in the future I might put it up. 

## Future

Cable management and need for proper housing

## Project Images

Here are some images of the Arduino Multimeter in action:

![Arduino Above](Images/Done.png)

*Finish Build* 

![Main Menu](Images/Main.png)

*Selection Screen*

![Voltage](Images/Voltage.png)

*Voltage Screen*

![Resistance](Images/Resistance.png)

*Resistance Screen*

![Continuity](Images/Continuity.png)

*Continuity Screen*

![Current](Images/Current.png)

*Current Screen*

![Digital_Thingy](Image/2d.png)

*Digital Layout*
<style type="text/css">
    img {
        width: 300px
    }
</style>

Commit message:

modified readme file and add extra stuff

README.md, after:

# Arduino Multimeter

This project is an Arduino-based multimeter design to measure basic electronic hobby projects. 

## Features

- Measure voltage, current, and resistance.
- User-friendly interface with an LCD display.
- Portable and easy to assemble.
- Customizable for additional features.

## Components Required

- Arduino board 
- LCD display (16x2 or similar)
- Resistors (330, 220, 10k)
- Wires and connectors
- Breadboard or PCB
- Button
- ACS712 Hall Effect Sensor 

## Installation

1. Clone this repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/Arduino-Multimeter.git
    ```
2. Open the project in the Arduino IDE.
3. Install any required libraries. 
4. Upload the code to your Arduino board.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues or pull requests to improve the project.

## Future

Cable management and need for proper housing
## Extra

Inside the extra folder there are videos on how to operate it and made a concise documentation on this project

## Project Images

Here are some images of the Arduino Multimeter in action:

![Arduino Above](Images/Done.png)

*Finish Build* 

![Main Menu](Images/Main.png)

*Selection Screen*

![Voltage](Images/Voltage.png)

*Voltage Screen*

![Resistance](Images/Resistance.png)

*Resistance Screen*

![Continuity](Images/Continuity.png)

*Continuity Screen*

![Current](Images/Current.png)

*Current Screen*

![Digital_Thingy](Image/2d.png)

*Digital Layout*
<style type="text/css">
    img {
        width: 300px
    }
</style>
